updates to the mobile network request settings page (#11143)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apis/nerdgraph/examples/mobile-monitoring-config-nerdgraph.mdx

}
```

> ## Configure network request settings

Author: ```suggestion
## Configure mobile network request settings
```

> Here's an example of how mobile settings can be updated via NerdGraph:

Author: @CherylFrankenfield @asasha Can you review this sample and make sure it captures the ability to configure all three network request settings (block/allow hostnames, create aliases, ignore status codes)?

Author: Since no one is available to review this sample, I removed this section entirely.

> Here's an example of how mobile settings can be updated via NerdGraph:

Author: ```suggestion
Here's an example of how to configure mobile network request settings via NerdGraph:
```

}
```

> Here's an example of how you mobile settings can be updated via NerdGraph, reference the following mutation. Documentation for each field can be found in the NerdGraph explorer.

Author: ```suggestion
Here's an example of how mobile settings can be updated via NerdGraph:
```
